(a)
Enumerating objects: 5, done.
Counting objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Delta compression using up to 4 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (2/2), done.
Writing objects: 100% (3/3), 394 bytes | 197.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 3 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/srl16/Assignment1.git
   3d373c9..1d2bc9f  master -> master

(b)
4 commits have been done to the repository in total.
I used the 'git log' command to find this info.

(c)
I used 'git log --follow .gitignore' to find that the file was last modified:
Thu Jan 10 16:45:38 2019

(d)
Branches are used in a Git repository in order to develop new features
alongside one another, without having to modify the master product.
They also create easy organization and isolate development activities,
which can also make error checking easier.

(e)
'git status' shows the modified files in the working directory
that are staged for the next commit, while 'git log' shows all past
commits for the current branch.

(f)
Weapon.h information can be pulled up using the same command from (c):
git log --follow Weapon.h

(g)
I used the command:
git log --grep='file'
To search for commit messages that contain the string "file"

(h)
(I) Inheritance is the mechanism by which an object acquires some (or all)
of the properties of another object through hierarchal classification.
(II) Polymorphism is the means by which one can process an object different
ways based on the object's data type.
(III) Encapsulation is binding the data with the code that manipulates it,
keeping both the data and the code safe from external interference.

(i)
The Dictator and Lieutenants Workflow has one central repository that everyone
pulls from, but only the Dictator can push to it. The Integration Manager
Workflow has each developer puch to his/her own public repository, after which
any integration conflict is dealt with by the Manager.

(j)
With 100 developers, each developer is going to spend most of their time
resolving conflicts caused by the other 99 developers pulling and pushing from
and to the same repository. If a dictator is put in place, no pushes will be
made without going through the Lieutenants and the  Dictator, so the developers
can focus on development and not resolving conflicts.
